[3.10] bpo-47138: Fix documentation build by pinning Jinja version to 3.0.3 (#32154)
python/cpython: Doc/requirements.txt

# version 3.2.1. It can be removed after bumping Sphinx version to at
# least 3.5.4.
docutils==0.17.1

> # Jinja version is pinned to a version compatible with Sphinx version 2.4.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Jinja version is pinned to a version compatible with Sphinx version 3.2.1.
```
The comment should be changed to match pinned Sphinx version.

Author: Yes, thanks!
